1. fan
	1. an addent follower and admirer

2. decide
	1. reach, make, or come to a conclusion about something

3. battle
	1. contend against

4. notice
	1. an announcement containing information about an event

5. crowd
	1. cause to drived together

6. completed
	 bring to a whole, with all the necessary parts or elements

7. moment
	1. an indefinitely short time

8. drive 
	1. the trait of being highly motivated

9. provide 
	1. permit to be attainable or cause to ramain, make possible

10. glory
	1. a state of high honor

11.  **suffer**
	1.  The verb suffer means to feel pain or something equally unpleasant.
	2.  undergo or be subjected to
12. **thought**
	1. thougth is the process of using your mind to consider something
	2. the content of cognition

13.  **suppose**
	1. suppose means to guess, think or imagine something without absolute certainty.
	2. expect or believe

14. **automatically** 
	1.  something that happens automatically happens in a mechanical way without a person having to do anything extra.
	2. in a mechanical manner; by a mechanism
15.  **autograph**
	1. if you sign your name on something, you autograph it.
	2. a person's own signature

16. **decide**
	1. to decide is to make up your mind to do something.
	2. reach, make, or come to a conclusion about something

17. **common**
	1. when something's common, it's usual, or it happens frequently.
	2. having no special distinction or quality

18. **perfect**
	1. something that is perfect is complete and without defect or blemish.
	2. being complete of its kind and without defect or blemish

19. **national**
	1. national is an adjective that refers to something or someone that belongs to a nation or country.
	2. of or relating to or belonging to a country